Modify S5527: Learn-As-You-Code migration (#2269)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5527/rationale.adoc

Transport Layer Security (TLS) provides secure communication between systems
over the internet by encrypting the data sent between them. In this process,
the role of hostname validation, combined with certificate validation, is to
ensure that a system is indeed the one it claims to be, adding an extra layer
of trust and security.

When hostname validation is disabled, the client skips this critical check.
This creates an opportunity for attackers to pose as a trusted entity and
intercept, manipulate, or steal the data being transmitted.

> To do so, an attacker would create, buy, or steal a correct certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, an attacker would obtain a valid certificate
```

Buying a certificate would probably still include creating it. How about:

> authentifying `example.com`, serve it using a totally different hostname, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentifying `example.com`, serve it using a different hostname, and
```

It could be totally different but it does not have to be totally different. It could also be slightly different. So I just wouldn't mention that part.

> authentifying `example.com`, serve it using a totally different hostname, and

Reviewer: I don't think `authentifying` is a common word. I am not saying it is wrong (e.g. there is [this](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/authentifying)) but if you search for [it](https://www.google.com/search?channel=fs&client=ubuntu&q=%22authentifying%22),  you don't find many "serious" sites. So to keep the text easy, I would recommend a different word.
